Sneaker Botting Video | Learn
https://youtu.be/CbQBmzDja3A

Info/Resources/Needed: 
f you’ve ever considered sneaker botting in the past, you may or may not have heard that there is a lot that goes into it. Some people believe you just buy a bot and magically it works every time and sneakers arrive at your doorstep. This is far from the truth.

The truth is, sneaker bots are temperamental and can take a lot of work to actually learn and get right.

With anti-bot protection and the way bots are running right now, every week is either hit or miss on drop day.

Still, you might be wondering if you could make more money botting sneakers than you would just reselling sneakers manually.

The answer is yes. If you know what you’re doing and have the right resources?

What are the right resources?

You’ll find out exactly what you need by joining Juiced IO, from proxy suggestions to weekly free bots for members and so much more, you will increase your profit drastically by joining the group. It doesn’t just apply to botting and reselling sneakers, but to all kinds of reselling.

Here are some basic resources you’ll need to start botting.

A computer and internet

These two are super obvious resources that are necessities to start botting. If you don’t have a computer and you don’t have internet then you can forget it, botting sneakers is the least of your issues. A good computer and fast internet connection are preferred, but they actually aren’t necessary if you want to start sneaker botting.

A bot

Yes, another very obvious answer here. You will need a sneaker bot to start botting sneakers. Sneaker bots are tough to find, at least the good ones are, and some only apply to specific websites. It’s always best to do your research when it comes to determining which bot is right for your needs. There’s no point in buying a bot that only covers Supreme if you want to bot shoes from Shopify sites.

Proxies

Some people argue that proxies are even more important than a bot and those people would be correct. The right set of proxies can make even the worst sneaker bots competitive with high-tier bots.

Learning about the different types of proxies and how they can fit your situation is a must if you want to get great at botting.

A server

This one isn’t a necessity if you have a great computer, but if you don’t it’s an absolute must. A server allows you to run any type of bot because technically you’ll be running it on a different computer that’s much more powerful than the one you use.

Finding the right server doesn’t need to be difficult and some websites provide hosting for free if you know where to look.

Lots of courage

The last thing you’ll need is a lot of courage. The first time you run your bot it most likely will not go as planned. Don’t give up hope. Every missed release is a lesson learned.

If you buy the right bot then you might even be able to resell it for more money if you decide sneaker botting isn’t right for you.