[1] - First go to a store, look at some FIJI water it has a number on the back called a PRD ( looks like PRD 13APR06 12:32 L3, not an actual number! )

[2] - Then go here: http://www.fijiwater.com/company/contact-info-corporate-distribution/

[3] - Then make a complaint that the water looks like piss or has metal in it or something like that ( make it seem believable )

[4] - Then wait a day

[5] - They will ask for PRD. "Fact: PRD is the date of manufacturing and plant number for recall uses"

[6] - They will mail you coupons to your address that you give them.


Other Information:
- Know size - The PRD corresponds to a given size ( 330ML, 500ML, 1.0L, 1.5L )

- Know your limits - The emails are personal and this is if you repeat it, it may be hard, you can always go for bulk and say you had a party and the guests all got sick or something more reasonable

- You can do this with any water company.


They'll send you something like this:
Dear <REDACTED>,
 
Thank you for writing to us;  we appreciate you bringing your concern to our attention.  We sincerely apologize for this incidence; our customers are our number one priority.
 
We would like to send you a FIJI Water complimentary bottle coupon, if you would kindly provide us with the following information:
  


Date of purchase
Location and store name where the product was purchased
PRD# ( looks like PRD 13APR06 12:32 L3) located on the back of the bottle
Best By Date
Size (330ML, 500ML, 1.0L, 1.5L)
Quantity purchased
Mailing address for coupon

 
If you are having difficulty locating this information, please give us a call at 877-426-3454 or email us your phone number so we may assist you.
 
Again we apologize for any inconvenience that this incident may have caused you.  We care deeply about our customers and we care deeply about our water and we thank you for taking the time to bring your issue to our attention. 
 
Our quality control department applies several tests during the process and to the finished product so as to insure the highest product quality. 
 
Our bottling process is automated and sanitary and there is no human contact with the water at any point of the process until the bottles are opened by our consumers. 
 
Please note that once the bottle leaves our plant the product is not under our direct control.  It is also notable that when stored or transported in a confined space with other products the water could have taken on the taste characteristics of that product.  We have no reason to believe that the off-taste poses a risk to your health.  
 
 
Best Regards,
 
Consumer Affairs
FIJI Water Company, LLC
1.888.426.FIJI
